Subject: ⚠️ System Still Failing – Critical Missing Columns & Validation Issues

Dear team,

Thank you for your previous efforts in fixing the is_active and residence_status issues. However, after deploying the latest build, the system is still not functional, and I’m encountering multiple new critical issues that prevent full use of the system.

🔴 Current System Status (as of now):
✅ Login works
✅ Tasks and opportunities can be added
❌ But the following are completely broken:

Cannot add projects

Cannot add employees

Cannot add clients

Cannot view or add residency information

Notifications crash the system

expiringUsers.map is not a function frontend error

🔥 Root Cause: Missing Columns in Database
The following critical columns are still absent from the database schema:

1. reference_id
Used in: notifications, projects, users
Error:

go
Copy
Edit
error: column "reference_id" does not exist
2. Input validation is broken on user creation
Error:

lua
Copy
Edit
invalid input syntax for type date: ""
→ User creation fails silently due to missing or empty required date fields (e.g. employment date, birthdate).

3. expiringUsers.map frontend crash
→ Likely caused by backend returning null or non-array format in /api/residence/expiring

✅ Required Immediate Fixes:
Add reference_id column to notifications table:

sql
Copy
Edit
ALTER TABLE notifications ADD COLUMN reference_id INTEGER;
Update backend logic to validate date fields or assign defaults if empty.

Ensure expiringUsers is always returned as an array from backend.

Include the above fixes in:

init-local-db.sql

create-full-schema.sql

fix-columns.sql

complete_database_backup.sql

Add all critical column checks to validate-database-schema.sh with proper error messages.

📦 Suggested Action:
Please send me an updated ZIP package or Git commit with:

All the missing columns added

A fully working schema (not just partial fixes)

Updated validation on API level

A tested flow for adding employees, clients, and projects

⚠️ Without this, the system cannot be tested or delivered. I'm close to delivery deadline and these structural issues are causing serious delays.

I’m ready to test immediately once a stable build is available.

Best regards,
Abdullah