ubject: Critical Issues Still Unresolved in ProductivityTracker – Urgent Fixes Required
Dear Replit Development Team,
After testing the latest provided version of the project, I am still experiencing several critical issues that prevent the system from functioning as expected. Below is a detailed report, including screenshots and terminal logs, with clear proposed solutions.

1. Manual Attendance Registration Not Working
Error Message:
When attempting to register manual attendance, the following error consistently appears:

swift
Copy
Edit
message: "Internal server error", error: "column \"clock_in_time\" of relation \"attendance\" does not exist"
Screenshot: (see attached for visual reference)

Root Cause:
The backend expects the columns clock_in_time and clock_out_time in the attendance table, but these columns are missing from the database schema.

Impact:
No attendance data can be created or viewed; this breaks the core attendance management feature for all roles.

Suggested Solution:

Immediate: Execute a database migration to add the required columns:

sql
Copy
Edit
ALTER TABLE attendance
  ADD COLUMN clock_in_time TIME,
  ADD COLUMN clock_out_time TIME;
Review all backend queries to ensure column names are consistent between code and schema.

2. Residence Expiry Notification Not Triggering
Issue:
When editing an employee and setting their residence expiry date to less than 3 months ahead, no notification appears in the residence management section, and the employee does not show up in the "expiring soon" list.

Screenshot: (see attached – shows no notification despite the employee's updated expiry date)

Root Cause:
The notification logic does not check/trigger on user data updates, only on a scheduled interval. Also, there might be a logic flaw in the backend or frontend filtering.

Suggested Solution:

Immediate: Ensure that whenever an employee’s residence expiry date is updated (PUT/PATCH to the user endpoint), the notification service is triggered immediately and not just on a 24-hour interval.

Backend Logic: Review residence expiry check – it should always compare the date using DATEDIFF or equivalent, and must include updated users.

Frontend: Refresh notification widget after editing user data.

3. Backup and Restore Inconsistency
Issue:
Backup is available and can be downloaded from System Management, but restore from a previous backup does not work properly (from both Settings and System Management).

Screenshot: (see attached if needed)

Root Cause:
The restore feature is either incomplete or not fully integrated across all UI locations, leading to confusion and potential data loss.

Suggested Solution:

Unify the backup/restore logic and components between all system pages.

Ensure restore endpoint is fully implemented and tested with the latest backup format.

Provide user feedback if a restore fails (currently, there is no meaningful error message).

4. Additional Schema Issues
Error:
Other logs indicate queries fail due to missing columns like "assigned_date" in project_staff (should be "assigned_at") and missing table "staff_evaluations".

Suggested Solution:

Review all schema migrations and cross-check with ORM/models.

Add any missing columns/tables or fix code references to use the correct names.

5. General Recommendations for Project Stability
Database Migration:
Please provide a complete migration script or SQL dump that ensures the local PostgreSQL schema matches what the application expects.

End-to-End Testing:
Implement automated tests to verify critical user flows (attendance, leave requests, notifications, backup/restore).

Frontend Error Handling:
Show clear, user-friendly error messages when backend/API errors occur (not just "Internal server error").

Summary Table of Issues
Issue	Impact	Fix Status	Proposed Solution
Attendance registration	BLOCKER	❌	Add clock_in_time/clock_out_time
Residence expiry alerts	HIGH	❌	Trigger on update + interval check
Backup/Restore consistency	HIGH	❌	Unify/complete logic in all places
Schema mismatches	HIGH	❌	Migration & code/schema audit

Attachments
Screenshots of error messages and failed UI operations

Terminal logs showing error traces

Request
Please prioritize these issues as they are blocking production deployment.
If you need additional database dumps, config files, or a live session to debug together, let me know.

Thank you for your support and prompt attention!